much desire for all the guys here
frank views speaks welcome back with
this new video we are finally
arrived this July 9th 2015 in fact
evening for those who do not know it will be held
live conference from san diego
to the comic with regards to call of
duty black ops 3 zombies finally
we will see first official information
early gameplay maybe something though
surely more concrete than
what we have in hand so far in
this video
let's talk about the last of the gods
last rumors and the latest hypotheses that
have been raised about
some images that posted the account
Official twitter of the call of duty in
these last days the first image
of which we are going to talk about
countdown of this trivial ward
of zombies and there's not much to say except
that you see this zombie in the background is
taken back let's say back it looks
wear a kind of white robe but
in short it does not tell us much else a
small note concerning these photos
what you are seeing are of a quality
rather poor but the reason is due
to the fact that the images are those
the originals are extremely dark
had to change it so that yes
saw something in the background otherwise
I assure you that you would not have seen
anything
the second image instead of which
let's go to talk that already contains
some more information represents
at least to me what it seems
be a door a great door
framed from below
and interesting to note that on the side
left of the photo we find what
they seem to be the cornerstones of le
heavy metal maybe iron
right now I can't tell you which one
both the material but something
that remembers
element of the past which thing
we will also meet in the next photo
also interesting is the fact that it has
covered the card zombies world rivi al
center of the other writings we find
what the center should be
of the door
and to which we find what
it would seem to be something related to
chains in fact from the corner
left below we see starting of
very thick chains that join together
we say towards the center of the door
and on top of the door
so there seems to be something
chained to this door or in front
we don't really know what this door is but
however the fundamental element we say
that this photo is that it seems to relate to
something of the past behind the writing
international in the center of the image
we can find an inscription in red
which is very reminiscent, I think it is
the exact copy of an inscription they have
already seen in the first teaser trailer of
black ops 3 this you see on screen
this kind of cuneiform writing
I could not say good hieroglyphic
however, that has not yet been understood
anyway to indicate I think that
it is quite certain that the writing
is itself and that this code has one
some function in call of
duty black ops 3 zombies as we see
also because in the next image
in the background at the top left
we find the same codes the same
ideogram sequence this third
interesting image to be observed in
how we find three zombies that
present all three of the eyes
yellows could be a sign of a
return of samantha maybe they are
according to the previous history in the eyes
yellow meant to have been
controlled by samantha but equally
important entry of curious to note
it's the zombie clothing in first
plan that
we see dressed in a white shirt and
of the suspenders a clothing that
together with the cap it is very reminiscent
the typical clothing of the twenties
the twentieth century is remembered as well
well a picture we already saw of
a zombie about the poster that
was given with the preorder I believe from
gamestop what comes from the screen
precisely which also presents one
white shirt with a black tie not
presents the suspenders but the clothing
it is at least similar
however this was all for what
concerned this information
look at these images that they are
been released these days
evening at 10am Italian we will finally be able to
see something more substantial like
I was saying about the zombie mode
for black ops 3 follow us on all
social especially on facebook where there
will definitely keep you updated in time
real with all the information that
will be released in those hours and
stay tuned to the channel
why at the end of the conference
a special video will surely come out
having said that I also remind you that it is
the beta date has been formalized
of black ops 3 for playstation 4 and xbox
one and pc starting on 19 August 2015 in
momentary exclusive for playstation 4
that is, August 19th will be released only on
playstation 4 and in the following days
we don't know exactly when
will also be released on xbox one and on pc it is
expected the final game version
also for playstation 3 and xbox 360 but vi
I remember that the beta will only be on
next gen
the beta that is only accessible to
those who book the game are in
physical version that in digital version
if you order in digital version you will have
automatically access the beta while
if ordered in a physical version
you will have a code to redeem on the site
call of duty slash beta however said
this stay tuned I repeat to you
all the new information that will come
made known in these later hours used
by mister frank and not see you with a
next video